Correct configure instruction in readme (#6858)
ocaml/opam: README.md

  - GNU make
  - OCaml >= 4.08 (or see [below](#compiling-without-ocaml))
  - A C++ compiler (unless building without a solver, see `./configure --without-mccs`)

> * Run `./configure --with-vendored-deps`. If you don't have the dependencies installed, this will

Reviewer: Something like this would be a bit more correct
```suggestion
* Run `./configure` if you have all the OCaml dependencies installed.
  If not, run `./configure --with-vendored-deps`, this will
```
